c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Lessons.g.i.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Lessons.g.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.i.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Register.g.i.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Register.g.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Teacher.g.i.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Teacher.g.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\TeacherChoice.g.i.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\TeacherChoice.g.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Lessons.xaml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\MainMenu.xaml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Register.xaml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Teacher.xaml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\TeacherChoice.xaml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Lessons.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\MainMenu.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Register.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Teacher.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\TeacherChoice.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\Lessons.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\MainMenu.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\Register.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\Teacher.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\TeacherChoice.xbf
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\InfoSchool.xr.xml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\InfoSchool.exe
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\InfoSchool.pdb
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\InfoSchool.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\InfoSchool.exe
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\InfoSchool.pdb
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\ilya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\Dish.xbf
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\bin\Debug\Eating.xbf
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Dish.g.i.cs
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Dish.g.cs
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Eating.g.i.cs
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Eating.g.cs
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Dish.xaml
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Eating.xaml
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Dish.xbf
C:\Users\ilya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InfoSchool\InfoSchool\obj\Debug\Eating.xbf
